# A1: Meethology

Meethology is an online platform aimed at people who want to create and share their events, or search and participate in other people events.

The platform is the simplest and easiest way for people to find events based on their interests and meet people that share those same interests in your location, while also being able to invite your friends. 

When a _Guest_ user accesses the homepage, the most relevant events are displayed based on his location. He can access any of these events and read the description and details such as location and time. In the homepage there is also a search bar separeted in three parts: title, location and date. The user can fill one or more of the parts to make the search more specific. Additionally he can add filters such as price and category to obtain events even more relevant to him. The guest can also click on the register button to create an account by typing an email and password or connecting with a Google Account.

A guest that has an account can sign in in the homepage to become a _Registered User_. This user has more features than the _Guest_ user like editing their profiles. He can also create, edit and join events. To create an event he has to click on the "Create Event" button located on the header of the page and specify the name, location, category, description, date and the price if it is a paid event. The user is now the owner of that event and can edit it and invite other people by typing their email or username. If a user is invited then he will receive an email with a link to the event and, if he already has an account, he can click on the "Join Event" button to participate. To join a paid event the user is required to buy a ticket using Paypal. The owner of the event can also promote other users to have the same permissions as him. _Registered Users_ can leave comments on the events so that they can communicate with the owners and other attendees. They can also report events and comments to help with the management of the website and rate events.

Finally, the _Administrator_ has all the features of the _Registered User_ and its objective is to manage the website. They have access to the administrator page that contains statistics of the website and a list of the most reported comments and events. By analysing these lists they can decide if they want to delete a event or a comment or ban a user. They can also unban users, promote _Registered Users_ to _Administrator_ and edit all events.

***

## Revision history
 **17/02/2020** - Initial version.

 **23/03/2020** - Added project stakeholders, site features are more detailed, authentication features added, more user management and admin features, search and filters detached and better explained and application features are now explained along with the users.
 

***
GROUP 2066, 17/02/2020

* André Mamprin Mori, up201700493@fe.up.pt (editor)
* Carlos Miguel Guerra Soeiro, up201706405@fe.up.pt
* Gustavo Speranzini Tosi Tavares, up201700129@fe.up.pt
